this is the world warrior low-key and i
am here with the Romans show continue to
listen this guy's a great guy this is
stephen cage from the Roman show and i'm
here with superstar low key how are you
doing today sir I'm doing great right
here in Miami uh yeah I know you've had
some memorable matches here in Miami
from companies like fo w Dragon's Gate
okay ROH uh basically how you enjoying
your Miami States apartment Miami's a
beautiful city I don't get to visit it
often so I'm very happy to be here
weather is beautiful the girls are
beautiful so you know I can't complain
right now well I would actually say I
agree with you because I live here and
yeah but anyway so lucky basically
tonight you're in going to be in a
six-man tag match for Dragon's Gate can
you please explain what your what your
opponents are waiting you know well
tonight it's it's myself accurate ozawa
and baby hawk again so mochizuki
ricochet and see mo now these are the
three i guess most popular wrestlers for
Dragon Gate currently
me being a new addition to the company
and teeming with guys of great
experience and toes out way and DB Hulk
I mean it's gonna it's going to be a fun
it's going to be a blast out there and
speaking of like the Japanese names
you've also wrestled in Japan and 01 and
everyone knows Loki anyway so you
rustled in 01 and in different companies
can you please let us just know the
difference between wrestling in Japan
and your the style in America is there
any differences written for me no for
everyone else yes it's my style and is
more of a Japanese influence style so I
know how to fight over there it's much
different because it's more it's more
presented as a sport whereas over here
it's more of a theatrical event yeah so
in Japan is just because it is more
sport oriented there's a much more how
do I said a much more aggressive
presentation and as these are pro
athletes as opposed to here in the
United States they regarded as actors or
sports entertainers so there's a
difference in presentation so that's why
they're treated differently and one last
question before I let you go because I
know you got prep for your big dragons
gate match tonight does Loki stand up
for anything that does that have a
meaning of any sorts that it does when I
came up with the name loki it was in
1997 and it came from a song called no
diggity by blackstreet now one of the
lyrics in it says very low key on the
profile so I don't have this big you
know
just this enormous personality i like
being very calm very mellow their
private hmm so I felt the name loki
itself when is described personality I
felt it fit me really well so that's how
I came up with a name very interesting
story uh a lot of people without
different maybe a Japanese you know it
like meaning or something but very
interesting story to that play on words
the way that it's spelled because key in
Japanese is another another word for
energy same as chief would be in Chinese
but low key to play on words because the
minute that bell rings I'm not there's
not low energy at all as higher so
multiple levels of meaning and low key
basically let's go ahead and let the
people know the promoters and everyone
that's watching our videos how can they
book you how can they get in contact
with you or even follow you for your for
your fans well if you want to continue
the support or even the hate you can
follow me on twitter at one world
warrior all lettering you can follow me
on facebook at official loki all one
word and you can also visit my website
at low key lowi think AI com
I'm having so much fun here in Miami I
just want to you know I got your wife
beater I'm ready to party yeah well I
can't blame you you so very much looking
you